feat(changelog): cockpit-added-transactional-email-dashboard-is-now-avai 2024-04-04 (#3023)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-04-cockpit-added-transactional-email-dashboard-is-now-avai.mdx

---

> title: Transactional Email Dashboard is now available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transactional Email (TEM) Dashboard Integration with Scaleway's Observability service!
```

status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
```

>     url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
```

date: 2024-04-04
category: observability
product: cockpit
---

> You now have access to Transactional Email (TEM) dashboard in your Scaleway's product dashboards folder in Grafana.
> Metrics available :
> - Current domain reputation
> - Reputation score evolution over time
> - Total email sent
> - Total email drop
> - General activity overview over time
> - Error activity over time
> - Top recipients destinations
> - Top bounce recipient
> - Top fail recipient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Scaleway experience just got even better with the addition of the Transactional Email (TEM) dashboard in your Grafana product folder. Now, monitoring your email performance and reputation has never been easier or more intuitive.

Gain insights into every aspect of your email delivery with a comprehensive array of metrics, including:

- **Current Domain Reputation:** Stay informed about your domain's standing within the email ecosystem.
- **Reputation Score Evolution:** Track how your reputation evolves over time, empowering you to make informed decisions to maintain or enhance it.
- **Total Emails Sent:** Keep tabs on the volume of emails your system is processing.
- **Total Email Drops:** Identify any issues with delivery and take proactive measures to address them.
- **General Activity Overview:** Get a bird's-eye view of your email activity trends over time.
- **Error Activity:** Pinpoint any errors or issues in your email delivery pipeline to resolve them swiftly.
- **Top Recipient Destinations:** Understand where your emails are being delivered most frequently.
- **Top Bounce and Fail Recipients:** Identify problematic recipients and take action to rectify issues.

With these valuable metrics at your disposal, optimizing your email delivery and ensuring a seamless user experience has never been simpler. 
Explore the TEM dashboard today and take control of your email communications like never before!
```

> You now have access to Transactional Email (TEM) dashboard in your Scaleway's product dashboards folder in Grafana.
> Metrics available :
> - Current domain reputation
> - Reputation score evolution over time
> - Total email sent
> - Total email drop
> - General activity overview over time
> - Error activity over time
> - Top recipients destinations
> - Top bounce recipient
> - Top fail recipient

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your monitoring experience just got even better with the addition of a Transactional Email dashboard in your Grafana. Your email performance and reputation has never been easier or more intuitive!

Gain insights into every aspect of your email delivery with a comprehensive array of metrics, including:

- **Current [domain reputation](/managed-services/transactional-email/concepts/#reputation-score):** Stay informed about your domain's reputation score.
- **Reputation score evolution:** Track how your reputation score evolves, and make informed decisions to maintain or enhance it. Read [our dedicated documentation](/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/understanding-tem-reputation-score/) to find out how.
- **Total emails sent:** Keep track of the volume of emails your system is processing.
- **Total email drops:** Identify delivery issues and take proactive measures to address them.
- **General activity overview:** Get a bird's-eye view of your email activity trends over time.
- **Error activity:** Pinpoint any errors or issues in your email delivery pipeline to solve them swiftly.
- **Top recipient destinations:** Understand who your emails reach the most.
- **Top bounce and fail recipients:** Identify problematic recipients and take action to rectify issues.

With these metrics at your disposal, optimizing your email delivery and ensuring a seamless user experience has never been simpler. 
```
